docs: create dip-30 give climate friendly poap holders a perk (#110)
efdevcon/DIPs: DIPs/DIP-30.md

Tags: Event production
Authors: danceratopz <danceratopz@gmail.com>, haurog <haurog@pm.me>
Resources Required: Operational support
Discussion: https://forum.devcon.org/t/climate-friendly-devcon-vi-poap-holders-get-priority-in-the-vegetarian-lunch-queue/1601
Created: 2022-10-09
---

## Summary of Proposal / Abstract

As proposed in [DIP-17](./DIP-17.md) (Accepted) the "Climate Friendly Devcon VI" Dapp allows Devcon VI attendees to optionally compensate the carbon emissions associated with the event and their air travel to the event on-chain. Attendees who compensated (at least) their event emissions may mint a POAP as proof of participation. This DIP proposes that holders of this POAP receive priority treatment in the queue for vegetarian lunch on the last day of Devcon VI. 

## Rationale

This provides a perk to POAP holders to encourage participation amongst attendees to offset their carbon emissions.

## Implementation

Participants must show their POAP in either the POAP, Rainbow, or welook App at the lunch queue.

danceratopz & haurog would verify POAP holders at either 1 or 2 of the vegetarian lunch queues. 

## Operational Requirements & Ownership

> In order for this perk to have impact, we aks whether it would be possible to advertise the initiative on the main stage on the last day of Devcon and/or in the Agora Center LED banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for this perk to have impact, we ask whether it would be possible to advertise the initiative on the last day of Devcon and/or in the Agora Center LED banner.
```
